Calcium Chatamine 4 9409211817164 Please cut from here2. _After opening, close the zipper and save_. Nutritional Supplements_Nutritional Indication Name Eggshell Lucium Foods per bag (4 grains) per 0 servings Ingredients Maltose (domestic production) Lactose 8 Energy 25KCa Eggshell Calcined Lucium Crystal Cell 0.18 Loin Stearate Lucium; Hydration Heron 58 Vitamin days Vitamin D (contains thorium, milk ingredients, eggs, and soybeans in part) (Equivalent to food 0.0 ro Contents (250m ro Memuro grains) 3 4U riru ro Best before date Lower part of outside shelf Description 254 Storage method Please store in a cool, dark place, avoiding high temperatures, high humidity and direct sunlight. Seller CN Co., Ltd. 3-cho Shirokoro, Ueno, Taito-ku, Tokyo Processing company: Hashimoto Co., Ltd. Kyoto 6, Minamikanegi Shigemi, Oimachi, Kameoka City, Prefecture How to eat: Drink the whole thing with water or lukewarm water without chewing it for a day or so. Please avoid taking it in amounts that exceed the daily recommended amount. Please blindly place it in a place where it is difficult to see the breasts. Please check the ingredients and avoid food allergies. Depending on your physical condition and constitution, in rare cases, you may experience symptoms such as itching, eruption, bone discomfort, and pain.If you feel any abnormality in your body, stop taking the leaves and use the leaves on your stomach. If you are in the hospital or are in the hospital, or if you are currently breastfeeding, please consult your doctor before consuming it. Because it is a food product, you should consume it in a high-life environment. It is very irritating._ After sealing, it will be consumed as soon as possible, regardless of the expiration date.Depending on the raw materials, Tasairu Honsho may or may not be fresh in appearance.There is no dry explosive in this product. No. After opening, please open the package tightly and store with the mouth closed. Contact information - Ori CNJ Okumo-sama Sosanri TELD 3-5807-3125 Reception hours 1 Roro Ro 17 Roro (excluding Sundays and holidays) OMP MADEIN JAPAN Kan Expiration date Mi_Kotocho Fi 0.18 10 ro Please. Always.